While waiting for his coffee to brew, J3ff writes a port scanner as a part of his high school project. Spending too much time using his top-notch gaming computer, he’s not exactly fit. He knows very well that he should invest some time into visiting a gym on a regular basis, but I guess he’s just too damn lazy for that. Writing the last function of his scanner, he takes notice of his coffee being finished. Knowing that, he finalizes the function he’s been working on and sets the program to compile. He stands up, straightens his back, and walks towards the coffee machine. It’s about ten steps from his computer to that coffee machine. He picks up his cup from under the nozzle of the coffee machine, opens his fridge, grabs a glass bottle of milk, and pours some into the cup. He likes the faint cold taste in the middle of a hot coffee, which the milk objectifies precisely. Most of the time, J3ff prepares for himself a double espresso. However, there are times when he preferers a classic, savory cappuccino. He returns the bottle of milk into the fridge and heads back to the computer. The program has finished compiling and has been executed automatically. A series of IP addresses has appeared on the screen, each in its own line. There were other numbers alongside the IP addresses, likely port numbers. From the looks of it, J3ff’s whole network has been under tight lockdown, as none of the IP addresses have any ports open. Then again, this could also have been caused by using an improper scanning technique. Since the school assignment has now been finished, J3ff wants to play a game. He takes a moment to think about it, as he isn’t sure, because he owns too many games. Finally, he chooses Beat Rush. Beat Rush is an indie game about racing above a levitating platform in the middle of space while energetic electronic tracks play in the background. While playing the game for a while, he starts to feel undeniably gloomy. Regrettably, this isn’t anything unusual. He has been having episodes of loneliness and depression for quite some time due to the introverted nature of his. The despondency eventually leads to outright despair and anxiety. Wishing to finally be able to talk and share his experiences with someone whom he could place his trust in, J3ff closes the game window and moves on to continue his work. For some time now, J3ff has struggled to write his own software and build something entirely out of nothing. Doing that, he often forgets about the problems he is having. This allows him to take a break from the harsh reality that exists outside of his computer. It isn’t easy for him to deal with similar feelings almost every day. However, he’s managing somehow. He likes using the open-source, JavaScript-written, widely beloved code editor, Ocular Bottega 2.0. As such, he launches it from his desktop environment’s taskbar and quickly hovers his mouse over the last-open project. It reads “Aurora.” Huh. Isn’t that the thing that appears in the skies above Norway? There’s also a timestamp underneath. The font’s small, but it looks like “something September 2023.” He pauses for a second, thinking about whether he should continue working on this one or any of his other numerous ongoing projects. He decides to go with this one, so he uses his left mouse button to open the project workspace. The code editor begins to re-index all the symbols within the project, and J3ff seems to believe that this will take a while, so he stands up and walks to the bathroom. He clutches his PearPad 11th Generation with him to keep him company. After he gets out of the bathroom after approximately 10 minutes, he, once again, goes to his desk. It appears that the indexing process was done, which means that he can, at last, get to work. He opens one of the header files and declares new members. Then, he goes for the source file and implements them, which takes about 10 minutes. Not sure whether his code will work, he decides to run it. Pressing Ctrl + Shift + B causes the editor to invoke g++, a compiler for the C++ programming language, which begins the compilation process. Knowing that the process will take a moment, he, once again, stands up and walks to the kitchen. He’s craving something sweet, as this was something he’s used to doing while working, mainly in the evenings. Looking around the kitchen, he isn’t able to find anything. Slowly losing his mind due to not getting his dose of sweets, he catches sight of a pack of sandwich biscuits filled with cocoa. He smiles and swiftly grabs it. While he’s walking back to see whether the compilation has finished, his phone vibrates. Yes, he’s used to taking his phone with him, even when going to the kitchen to pick something up. He pulls it out and unlocks its screen. As he lays his eyes on the notification bar, he freezes in place. It appears to be a text message from someone. What he received in that text message surely had to be something pretty shocking.

Jason is a middle-aged C++ programmer from Kentucky. In his free time, he likes to search for vulnerabilities in various devices and web apps. It makes him feel this adrenaline-filled rush going all through his slim, tall, not-at-all-muscular body. During the daytime on weekdays, he works at a small-scale, barely-heard-of software company developing mobile apps for companies with no such technical expertise. He hasn’t really been enjoying this job, but he has to do something for a living. Sadly for him, he doesn’t have enough real-world experience to work as a cybersecurity specialist, so he isn’t able to put this hobby of his to practical, livelihood-ensuring use. One day, as he’s watching TV from his comfy sofa, he receives a notification to his phone from one of the Dissonance channels that he’s a member of, called #security-issues. It’s dedicated to gray hat vulnerability scanning of corporate-owned public-facing systems, such as webservers, SSH daemons, and mail servers. One of the “vigilantes,” as they like to call themselves, posts a message saying that they found a security loophole in the intrusion detection system of Strå Holdings LLC, a global conglomerate from Norway owning numerous subsidiaries ranging from retail companies to investment firms. Access to the channel is conditional on the premise that all members will not disclose anything that is sent to the channel under any circumstances, especially not to the feds. That way, a certain trust is established between the members that makes them feel safe to express themselves. The topic of most of the channels that Jason is a part of is either hacking or politics. He loves juicy political discussions. The security loophole consists of a misconfigured security policy of the company’s intrusion detection system. The policy is responsible for filtering traffic on their networks based on port numbers and packet headers. Hence, any misconfiguration can allow unauthorized traffic, increasing the risk of infection. If a malicious application can disguise itself as a genuine program communicating on a common port, it’s not hard for it to bypass a faulty intrusion detection system. This is precisely what the loophole is all about. After reading the notification, he sets his phone down on a circular living room table that sits in front of his couch, thinking of what he just read. A sudden feeling of pacifism takes him by surprise, making him grab one of his many laptops and report the security issue. He opens the laptop’s lid, hits the power button, logs into his local account, navigates to the company’s website, and fills out a bug report form available behind a link in the footer of each page. Even though Jason is in contact with gray hat hackers whose activities aren’t strictly legal, he nonetheless feels this overpowering surge of having to do what’s right for the general public. In this case, this means reporting this serious firewall flaw. Moments after he submits the bug report form, another notification arrives on his mobile device. This one is from an email app. He receives confirmation that a ticket has been created for his bug report case. He quickly dismisses the push notification, feeling good about himself. He turns his attention back to his TV. There’s a show called “Incognito” going on. Even though it isn’t too exciting, Jason invests about 30 minutes into watching it, during which he unwillingly falls asleep, probably due to exhaustion.

Mark initially disagreed with his girlfriend but gradually came to terms with it. She wants to move in with him, so they would be able to be together like any serious couple would. He wasn’t so sure about getting invested that much in her. She loves him very much, even though he has his moments of total craziness, which is a quality she doesn’t prefer in men. After about a month of not being able to agree with her, Mark lets his girlfriend move into his cozy, 1000sq feet (93m2) apartment. As a welcome gift, she wanted to surprise him with something he’d never forget. While he’s at work, Aurora sets up candles in their new bedroom, puts on some Ongakken music, and slowly moves to undress. She leaves articles of her clothing between the apartment door and the bedroom, forming a path. When Mark approaches the door, he immediately detects a strong scent of … avocados. Avocados being the universal symbol of love and pleasure, he stands confused as to what might be going on, so he carefully enters the apartment, trying to make as little noise as possible. Mark can’t help but notice pieces of clothing all over the floor. He got goosebumps just thinking of what is probably transpiring here. As he takes one step further inside, he trips over a highly irregular item to be lying on the floor in front of an apartment’s entrance – pink lace panties with heart-shaped symbols all over. He inspects the panties and finds a note inside. The note read: “SOS, tied up in the bedroom. Help ASAP.” He pulls up his military-issued 9mm pistol and slowly tiptoes along the clothing trail. He checks both bathrooms of the apartment first, finding nothing. He then verifies that the living room is clear too. The only room left is the bedroom. Still trying not to make a peep, Mark very carefully steps into the room. What he sees in there causes him to drop his service weapon. Aurora is right there in the queen’s bed, lying along the diagonal, covered in a bedsheet, outwardly naked underneath it. This seems to be the greatest surprise he’d received from anyone to date. Unsure of whether he should join her in the bed, he picks up the gun and puts it into his bedroom floor safe. He then takes his Air Force jacket and pants off and sets them onto a nearby sofa chair. Aurora just kept staring lustfully at his gradually undressing body. He takes off his underwear and steps closer to the edge of the bed. She quickly glances down and focuses her eyes on his enormous erect penis. It’s right in front of her face. She extends her left arm from underneath the sheets, grabs the glorious phallus by the shaft, and starts stroking it. Mark gasps in pleasure, closes his eyes, and tilts his head backward. Without him expecting it, she slightly opens her mouth and moves towards the penis, becoming one with it. Mark feels something he had never felt before. He clearly can’t say anything at the moment; he just stands there, by the bed, and enjoys the moment. A few moments later, he pulls Aurora’s hair, gently pushes her towards the bed so that she would be laying on it, throws away the sheets she still has on the rest of her body, and subsequently goes down on her. At first, he wants to tease her with his tongue, so he starts licking her legs and thighs. Based on his past experience, he expected that this would get her nice and wet. It looks like he’s right. Then, he moves on to eat her out. A few seconds in, he says to her that she tastes like strawberries. She giggles and continues to drown in pleasure. The sounds of her moaning are audible throughout the entire apartment building. Mark takes that as proof that she likes what he’s doing to her and moves even deeper inside her honey pot with his tongue. He notices that she no longer enjoys it that much, so he instead moves a little bit above his starting position. She seems to like this a lot, as she looks like she’s going to pass out. Uhm, I feel I shouldn’t watch any longer, so let’s move on.

He hasn’t been feeling like himself. He’s been tired the past few days but couldn’t explain why. It could be that he was sick. Or because he’s been working too much and sleeping too little. Whichever it was, it caused J3ff to do much less work than usual, which, since he loved his job, was impacting his mental health. A few days back, he got an angry text message from his long-time friend. They had a falling out. He’s known the guy since elementary school. The two got into an argument due to J3ff liking the guy’s sister. Since then, J3ff can’t focus on anything. The solution that usually works with this kind of thing is to unplug for a week or so; he would play games and watch TV shows. Knowing that this strategy worked on multiple occasions before, J3ff decides to go for it. He empties his calendar for the next 7 days and disconnects from the outside world. He spends the entire day one playing a game he’s occasionally played since he was a child. It’s a game he spent a thousand hours playing. It may not sound like too much for the average gamer, but J3ff‘s no gamer. He’s more of a creative artist, always coming up with stuff and experimenting. He hasn’t spent much time playing games. For J3ff, games always served as a sort of inspiration. He fueled his creative mind from what he wanted to experience in games. Seeing something lacking in a particular game, he wrote it down and then wanted to make a game with that specific idea. There was never a game that fully satisfied him. There was always something missing. On day two, he gets up, eyes barely open, and immediately picks up his phone. He seems to be worried about missing any of his ‘precious’ notifications. There isn’t anything new there. Knowing that there isn’t any particular reason to wake up right away, he sticks the phone under his pillow and goes back to sleep. A couple of hours later, he gets up again. He gets a bit worried because he thought he slept through the whole day since it’s already dark outside, and his suspicions are confirmed when he looks at the time on his PearWatch. It’s freaking 8pm. He really slept in, lucky bastard. I would kill for being able to sleep during daytime like that… damn. Anyway, after he gets up, he goes to the kitchen to make himself something to eat. There’s barely anything there besides cereals, so he takes those, puts some into a bowl with a little bit of expired milk that he had in his fridge, and starts eating. After he takes a mouthful, he grins of disgust. The milk really is expired. Bleh! Having his ‘breakfast’ destroyed, J3ff’s mood drops even further below zero. This day cannot get any worse. Or can it? J3ff finishes the bowl as he is pretty hungry and throws out the rest of the milk he previously returned to the fridge. Knowing that he’ll need to have something to eat the rest of the day and the days after, he pulls up his phone and searches for food delivery services. There’s one called ‘Cold,’ and the icon looks like a cooler box full of ice and drinks. He needs food, so this isn’t an option. He scrolls down a list of these services and finds one that looks interesting. According to the menu, they sell many kinds of prepared meals, but also fresh ingredients. Him being incredibly lazy, he orders a couple of boxes of this pre-made food. It cost him $43.17, including delivery costs and tax. Not so bad for a couple-of-days-worth of sustenance. At least not in his mind, as he begins displaying much better emotions after he paid. It’s probably the laziness. Bastard. He doesn’t have to go anywhere. The delivery service from which he ordered let him know that it would take approximately 40 minutes to get the order to him. In the meantime, J3ff falls deep into his thoughts. He does that sometimes. Once again, he fantasizes about having achieved something for which he would be celebrated. He desperately wanted to be known and famous, even to the point where people would recognize him on the street. The sound of his ringtone pulls J3ff out of the fantasy. It’s been ringing for 10 seconds already. He quickly picks it up. It’s probably the food courier. At first, however, he has no idea why a food courier would contact him, but then he remembers he had ordered food. He goes to the apartment’s door and picks up the delivery. As it was already paid for online, the courier says: “Enjoy!”, smiles cutely, turns around, and leaves for her car. The smile of the courier leaves J3ff with a smile on his own face and an image of her in his mind. Moments after, though, he moves on and quickly eats the first box of the pre-cooked food. He didn’t even heat it up! That surely was pretty disgusting. He then quickly goes to his computer. Having eaten, he feels a bit stronger. Instead of doing something productive, though, he turns his TV on and binge-watches an entire series. 2 days later, when done with the series, he goes to sleep as he can’t stay up any longer.

He wakes up with his TV still turned on. For some reason, it wasn’t set to automatically power down after a couple of hours. He goes to the toilet, masturbates to a couple of videos from NutHub.sexy, and returns to his living room. He opens his laptop and waits for it to turn on. A login prompt for the user Jason appears. Punching in his password logs him in and moves him to the desktop. The laptop automatically connects to his wireless network, triggering a sync. The email program pulls new emails from the server and pushes a notification. Jason clicks on the notification and routinely starts going through the twelve new emails, one by one. Most of the emails seem irrelevant, with the exception of one. This email grabs Jason’s attention, as the subject line mentions the security report he had filed yesterday. The body says something that no security response team should ever say, at least according to Jason. They basically denied that there was any security issue and considered the bug report irrelevant. It’s surprising that they even responded at all if this was what they wanted to say. Nevertheless, that pisses Jason off. Like, really pisses him off. You could almost see steam coming out of his ears. He can’t understand why a company would ignore such a serious loophole. It makes no sense to Jason. Out of anger and spite, he decides to exploit the very bug he reported. He opens the case file he created to document the issue, plugs in his external monitor and puts the PDF onto it. He uses his laptop’s built-in screen to do the work itself. At first, he needs to scan their network using their website’s IP. For that, he uses the open-source tool nmap. Luckily for Jason, they host everything themselves in their own datacenters using their own IP block. It doesn’t take long for it to display the alive hosts on the network, along with their open and filtered ports. Jason wanted to gain access to a shell of one of the machines on the network. If the access level on that machine were too low, he would pivot to another computer. Once on the network, things are much, much easier. The way he goes about this was simple. By looking at the scan output from nmap, he determines that one of the machines is running a VoIP server. The employees are most likely using it for internal communications and routing external calls to internal extensions. He takes a closer look at this server and runs a detailed scan of this particular IP. The results are astonishing. A Freepress website runs on port eighty, hidden from scans unless scanned using SYN flooding. Jason looks perplexed. Why would there be a Freepress site on a telephony server on the external network of a corporation that can afford to pay for a much more robust infrastructure? Still perplexed, he tries, out of curiosity, even though he doesn’t think it’d work, inputting default login credentials to the default …/fp-admin login form. Who would ever think that this would ever work in a corporate environment like this? Well, it did! Jason got redirected right onto the default Freepress dashboard. He obtained editing rights and everything. He almost suffocates with nuts he’s been eating when he saw this. The incredibly stupid person whose idea this was just let Jason access the entire internal corporate network! Due to an invalid PHP file validation policy in some versions of Freepress, he’s able to upload a PHP file that, after executed, opens a reverse shell to which he can easily connect. Amazingly, there isn’t even a NAT in place that could prevent something like this. In addition, the faulty IDS means that he can infect additional machines using more aggressive methods, and the automated network security system will never notice. With the shell access, Jason can scan the network from within, which he thinks will provide additional attack vectors. He’s right. Not only does he detect all the other machines on the subnet, but he also manages to get into call logs containing every single call that took place both inside and to and from outside the company. Since what he attacked first was a VoIP server, it was no wonder that related things would be stored there. According to Jason, there are no security measures in place to manage or at least disallow web-server-user-group access to these files. He scp’s the files to his machine and goes over the local subnet scan since it was already completed. He notices a couple routers and a few other machines. Thinking about what he had just done, he pauses for a moment and realizes that being able to do something like this gives him incredible power. This power feels so overwhelming that he feels he has to brag about his little hack in the Dissonance channel where he initially read about the firewall loophole. Many people respond, and some even congratulate him, but only one of them strikes Jason’s attention. It’s a guy who calls himself Mark. He’s interested in details. He wants to know how exactly did Jason get inside the conglomerate’s infrastructure and what he plans to do with the access, provided that he left a backdoor inside for later use. They add one another as friends on Dissonance and continue their conversation in direct messages.

J3ff wakes up feeling tired even after an 8-hour sleep. He swiftly goes to his kitchen to make some breakfast and coffee. Before eating, though, he heads to the bathroom and washes his teeth. He takes the food he just made to his office and sets it down on the desk. He turns on his computer, logs in, and launches Dissonance. It takes a moment for Dissonance to load and sync with their server. In the meantime, J3ff eats his breakfast. His screen blinks and throws him directly into the #security-issues chan … hold on, wait. #security-issues? Has J3ff been in the same channel with both Mark and Jason this whole time? He reads the messages sent since his last visit and takes a moment to collect his thoughts. He eyes the lengthy conversation thread Jason and Mark left in the channel and quickly reads through it. His breathing stops for a moment when he glances over the name of the company they were discussing, Strå Holdings LLC, and takes an immediate interest in the discussion. For some reason, it was the name of the company that caught J3ff’s eye, not the act of hacking itself. Hm. Did he recognize the company from somewhere? Nevertheless, he reaches out to Jason with many questions. The first question he asks him is the reason why the hack took place in the first place. Jason responds that he did it out of anger towards the company’s security team. They ignored his bug report, and he didn’t like that. Then, he asks about this particular choice of target. Why this company? Jason didn’t respond to this question. Since there was a sort of predetermined trust between the members of the #security-issues channel, Jason doesn’t feel too weird about J3ff asking him to discuss the matter even further. Jason invites J3ff into a newly created DM group that he just made for the three of them, Mark included.

The guys continue discussing the hack. Mark laughs when Jason tells him about the total idiocy of the dude who left the company’s network completely unprotected – automated scanning systems that had faulty detection policy; misconfigured permissions on servers; no intrusion prevention system. This gets Jason thinking. How many more irresponsible companies that handle sensitive user data are out there? He really wants to do something about it. There’s also the fact that many of these companies sell user data. It takes a moment, but he realizes that he could really make a change if he utilizes all the theoretical knowledge he currently possesses. It could get him known and appreciated. He seems to have had a difficult childhood, as this much need for appreciation doesn’t just come around out of nowhere. He tells the guys that he needs to go offline and starts thinking about how he would proceed. He fathoms that for him to stay incognito, he needs to assume a different identity. This could be achieved in many ways, but what he decides to do is probably what comes to mind right away when you think of hackers. After putting some serious thought into it, Jason decides to start a hacker group. He believes that it will grant him not only anonymity but also a way to “sign” his hacks by leaving a note or something behind and thus becoming known after a time. By doing this, he assumes that he can also build some following, similar to popular hacker groups like Anonymous. Since he decided to form this group alone, he had to come up with the name, logo, signature, and everything by himself. He primarily wants to expose dirty corporate practices and schemes, so he names his group “TruthSeekrs.”

Jason plans his first hack as TruthSeekrs. Based on the sketches he made on a whiteboard in his apartment, I would say that he wants to cause a lot of chaos. All his plans look destructive. Maybe too destructive. I don’t think that this is the way. Nevertheless, this is his hacker group, not mine. To find targets, though, he needs some kind of evidence. He needs to see something that would prove that a given company is doing something shady. He comes up with a way to do exactly that – hack a local datacenter and use some search pattern to find anything that might be illegal betwixt the traffic in and out of the datacenter. All this planning and scheming makes him tired, so he goes to take a little nap. He wakes up 40 minutes later, feeling refreshed. He looks up data centers closest to him using his favorite search engine, GooseGooseQuack and finds some here in Louisville. He picks the one located at Barret Avenue and does extensive research. He learns that it hosts data for primarily corporate clients. Excellent! However, he encounters a problem. There isn’t any viable way to get onto their network without him leaving his apartment. There just isn’t any entry point. The data center’s website is hosted off-site for security reasons. Their mail server is hosted in another of their datacenters. There is no detectable SSH access to their network. Having little to no other choice, he leaves his apartment after quite some time and heads for the data center in person. By doing this, he undergoes a huge security risk. Nevertheless, he still wants to take this chance. He drives to a café located opposite the data center’s main entrance, walks in, and sits at a table right next to a huge window, with a clear view of people entering and leaving the building. A waitress appears next to Jason while looking out the window without him seeing her. He turns his head and almost chokes on his saliva upon laying his eyes on her face. She looks ridiculously hot and attractive … uhm, his thoughts, not mine. She has nice red hair and deep, blue eyes. He loses himself in them for a minute.

She just keeps standing and grinning. She wears a loose t-shirt, a short skirt, and a smock on top of the skirt. I’d say that she’s a bit north of 20 years old. Huh. She really does look nice. Aaaanyway, that’s not what we’re here for, is it now? Let’s get to the matter at hand. Jason breaks eye contact, orders a coffee from the fine girl, and then continues looking out the window. 10 minutes after, he receives his coffee. It takes him about 32 seconds to drink the entirety of it. Subsequently, when done with the coffee, he smiles at the server, who is about to take his empty mug; she smiles back and leaves. Jason continues sitting and waiting for something to happen. For what? Only God knows. Maybe not even him. Hours pass, and still nothing. Hold on, wait! Something seems to be happening. Jason straightens his back and focuses his line of sight onto a particular individual leaving the data center building. From the looks of it, it’s some teenage guy with not too much life experience. He waddles and drops his bag. He can barely pick it up. He has to be a programmer. Jason feels that this rapscallion might be of help if pressed hard. He walks up to him and introduces himself as a fellow computer scientist currently working in cybersecurity. This immediately catches the youngster’s attention. Jason invites him to the café. The kid accepts. They walk in and sit at the same table where Jason was sitting all those hours. The pretty lady, once again, walks up to the table and looks at Jason voluptuously. Jason pays no attention to her and just orders another coffee. He asks the student whether he’d like something, to which he responds that he doesn’t want anything at the moment but might want something in a bit. It’s funny that he already assumes that this meeting is going to take time. They talk for a while, discuss recent security news, and drop some IT jokes. Jason then covertly changes the subject to his experience at the data center. He asks about their entrance requirements, safety measures, authentication methods, totally hypothetical physical security vulnerabilities. As he’s in a talkative mood, the student reveals that the data center staff uses Wi-Fi to communicate with each other and the security system controls, including alarms, lasers, and cameras. This almost makes Jason stop breathing for a minute. It’s the perfect way onto the network since it’s wireless. Incidentally, the student announces that he has to go to the restroom, stands up, and walks towards the female server. He asks where the bathroom is. She points at the door, which he appreciates by saying thank you. A couple of seconds pass, and Jason notices that the kid left his phone on the table. He quickly grabs it, removes the battery, removes his memory card, inserts one loaded with malware that he always carries, reinserts the battery, and boots the phone. The phone automatically loads the virus during the boot process and opens a reverse shell to one of Jason’s remote servers. He hurriedly connects to the reverse shell and makes the just-created backdoor persistent so that it can survive reboots and network condition changes. He pulls the battery out again, swaps the memory cards, reinstalls the battery, and places the phone exactly where it was before. The student is already on his way back to the table. Jason is literally shaking as the student could have easily seen him if he were just 3 seconds slower. The student grabs the phone when Jason realizes that he forgot to turn the phone on again. The student looks at it in wonder but doesn’t seem to care too much. He boots the phone, and … oh, Christ - he checks his NutHub messages. Everyone seems to be on there nowadays. People can use the platform for matchmaking and chatting in addition to viewing a large library of … videos. He receives a text message from one of his more competent classmates, saying that he should get back from wherever he is. He responds to the message and tells Jason that he has to run. Jason smilingly acknowledges and lets the kid leave. He keeps the smile on his face as he rechecks the reverse shell connection. It was re-established after the phone was powered on again. This opportunity to install the backdoor seems like a Godsend to Jason. He glances at the data center entrance and sees the student reentering the building. Using the backdoor connection, he initiates a wireless network scan and finds four networks while only one seems relevant. It’s called “Datacenter.” Ha. He takes a closer look at the network and notices that there are multiple clients connected to it, so he decides that the best strategy now would be to de-authenticate all of the connected stations and capture their wireless 4-way handshakes. He then cracks these handshakes using an open-source tool. The cracking process itself takes about 15 minutes. He now holds the pre-shared key to the network and can connect to it by himself. However, after this is done, he realizes that he can actually use the boy as a scapegoat. He can just hack the network router through him. So, what he does is that he remotely connects him to the network using the PSK and begins a network scan. He can see many devices there, both wired and wireless. What’s most interesting to him, though, is the network router. It seems that wired traffic is routed through it, too. They handle traffic of the entire data center using this router. There are multiple switches and routers that provide additional subnets all around the data center, but they all converge on this specific router. Jason sets up a sniffer and collects some data passing through the network. He waits for 20 minutes and then heads for his apartment. He considers being out for so long risky and stupid. Once there, he jumps to his laptop and analyzes the collected traffic. Even though most of it is shielded by TSL, there still is some communication via plaintext HTTP. In particular, there’s a lot of data being exchanged between the data center’s network and a domain of some unknown company. Without analyzing the rest of the captured traffic, Jason considers this company of interest and concludes that it’ll be his next target. He runs a scan of the company’s web server and finds a vulnerability. There’s a form on the website that he can upload a malicious PHP file through and then simply run it from the outside. He used a similar method to break into the Freepress site a couple of days ago. This is exactly what he does. He gains shell access to the server, allowing access to their internal network. Out of nowhere, a wave of anger encompasses him, causing him to act irrationally. He wipes the entire server clean. No research, no probing for information, nothing. He just formats the root filesystem. No way back now. He quickly realizes that what he had just done was a terrible mistake. He hasn’t achieved anything by doing this. Destructive actions like this are not productive and will not help anyone. Being mad at himself, overwhelmed, sad, and tired, he decides to sleep after this exhausting day. He wakes up the next morning and makes breakfast. While eating, he realizes that he still hasn’t come up with a “signature” for his hacker group. He needs something people will recognize him and his hacks by. He wants to use this signature as a “signal” that his group hacked something by leaving a note on servers. Not knowing what to do next, he opens the captured traffic file again and reviews it all over. Shockingly to him, he finds additional hints of nefarious activities. Oh my God … the company he sees among the traffic logs is NutHub!

Today’s an incredibly depressing day for J3ff. His mental situation seems to be getting worse. He’s been having nightmares and night sweats. His facial expression right now suggests that he’s about to cry. Well, as far as I know, he’s been going through a lot lately. He’s been having issues with interpersonal relationships, the ability to focus, his work, his studies, his sleep. There are many things that need resolving. J3ff seems to think that all he needs is someone to talk to, share experiences with, and laugh with. Perhaps that indeed is the problem. Maybe he does only need some socialization. He’s always been a social person, after all. Well, at least I think so. He wakes up at 3pm and decides to make “breakfast.” He makes bread rolls with salami. While eating, he picks up his phone and reads the news. He sees an article about virtual reality and its progress over the last couple of years. The article mentions a free VR game called “VRBuddies.” It says that people nowadays use this game to connect with one another over long distances. Some reportedly maintain romantic and even sexual relationships through this game. As uninteresting as this might be for the usual person, J3ff is intrigued. He would very much like to try the game and meet some people. So he goes online and searches for an affordable virtual reality headset. He finds one named “Zuck Crusade 3”. It costs $589.99. Even though he considers this amount to be too much, he orders it anyway because he thinks that it’s going to help him in the long run.

NutHub?! Jason freezes up. Are they operating here in Kentucky? Also, why does such a vast company communicate over HTTP? There are many unanswered questions at this point, and Jason doesn’t like the feeling of that. He goes through the individual packets and collects IP addresses outside NutHub’s network. The IP addresses are, based on whois, owned by a little hosting company operating out of Tennessee. Jason figures that whatever this is about, the answer will lie there. That said, he decides to hack into this hosting company. It takes him about 20 minutes to prepare. He tells Mark and J3ff that he will try something and will be unavailable for the rest of the day. As his laptop is already on, he jumps straight into it. He proceeds to the reconnaissance phase, which takes about 2 hours. It includes research, scanning, and analyzing scan results. That’s done, so he now moves on to exploiting the security vulnerabilities he found in their web server. There are several, including one that allows breaching an FTP server and gaining shell access. Since all he needs is shell access, he exploits this one. He successfully gets into the server’s shell. He lurks around for a while and finds a Git repository. It contains financial reports of the company. Apparently, they chose Git as a method to keep track of changes. Not a bad idea to use Git but keeping such a repository unencrypted and stored on a public-facing server is really dumb. Jason finds that the financial reports contain invoices to and from NutHub, all dated to the first day of each month since a year ago. So NutHub both pays and charges this little company every month. Jason seems to think this is a teeny bit suspicious and downloads the repository. He then modifies the server logs to show “TruthSeekrs” instead of his IP address and disconnects. On his local machine, he goes through the entire repo once again. He wants to do some damage, so he leaks the reports. A day passes, and a news report appears on TV. “A NutHub supplier gets hacked!” the report says in its title. The news anchor goes on and says: “A hosting company that supplies the global dating and sex services NutHub with storage and IP address space got hacked yesterday. The company refuses to comment but releases a security statement saying that according to the logs, an individual or a group called TruthSeekrs seems to be responsible.” Jason is having trouble believing this. He sits shocked for about 2 minutes, then immediately jumps into the Dissonance DMs with Mark and J3ff and brags. He feels pumped and stressed, both simultaneously. He tells the guys to turn on the TV. Both do. He says that the hack that’s in the news right now is his work. Both feel excited and ask about TruthSeekrs. Jason cockily announces that it’s him who formed the group. Him, and only him alone. The guys show their respect by asking if they could join. Both Mark and J3ff were hungry for being a part of something bigger than themselves and were both feeling quite lonely, though J3ff really was. Mark had at least a girlfriend! All three gentlemen agreed that they need to combine their strengths and work together if they really want to make a difference. They also jibed that hacking as a group and taking down big targets would make them famous, which is definitely what they wanted. The acknowledgment of the public eye was fundamental to the trio. Furthermore, Jason makes a Dissonance server for the future “fans” of the group. He invites Mark and J3ff and waits for them to join. After they do, each of them changes their server nickname to a hacker alias and sends an invite to their existing contacts and public Dissonance server that they have been a part of, as well as to the #security-issues channel where they initially met. In the next 2 hours, about thirty people join, which gives Jason, Mark, and J3ff a shot of confidence for what they’re trying to do.

The group has successfully reached one hundred members in their Dissonance server. Fascinatingly, it only took them a couple of days. Jason and J3ff decide to celebrate by grabbing a can of beer while Mark & Aurora open a bottle of wine. Even though she doesn’t really understand, she still gets wet seeing Mark having succeeded with something that got him into the news. He conveniently forgets to tell her that what he did constitutes cyberterrorism and is a felony. Hmm, that may be exactly what made her horny, though. I don’t know, nor do I care. They drink the entirety of the bottle and open another right afterward. Aurora takes her top off while is looking the other way, grabs his right hand, and places it on her left breast. He gasps as he whips his head around to face her direction. Mark considers this a cue that she wants to be intimate. He moves in and starts kissing her while massaging her breasts. She lets go of her body and just falls onto their bed. After kissing for a while, Mark places his left hand at her pussy, while keeping the other one on her right breast. She gasps and tells him to continue. He puts the hand underneath her panties and begins moving his index and middle finger in and out. Her pussy becomes noticeably wet after only a minute of Mark pleasuring her. She seems to want to fuck, so she makes sure that Mark is already hard. She grabs his penis but finds out that it’s not hard yet. Weird. She starts stroking it, to which Mark responds by increasing the frequency of the fingering. After this, he gets hard in no time. Since both are ready, Aurora turns around, facing the bed, and moves her back to an elevated position for easy access. Mark plugs his penis into her sweet pussy and starts thrusting. Aurora, at first, doesn’t make a peep, but after a while, she can’t hold it and starts moaning, albeit relatively quietly. Mark just roars with each thrust. It almost sounds as if he were a wild animal or something. In ten minutes’ time, Aurora voices her desire to ride him. He enthusiastically agrees and disconnects his dick from her. She gets up and pushes Mark onto the bed. She spreads her legs and sits on Mark, then takes his penis into her. The moment it enters, they both gasp. She rides him until close to cumming, which Mark notices, and wants to help her get there by rubbing her clitoris with his thumb. It takes him about three minutes to find the thing, but eventually, he does. Someone apparently wasn’t paying attention in biology classes. She cums in about a minute, but Mark doesn’t stop; he just goes on. They now hold hands while she continues riding that dick. He keeps massaging her clit until she cums again. She places her hands on her chest and climbs off him. She takes his penis and puts it into her mouth while he stays lying on the bed. He breathes in and holds his breath for a few seconds. Apparently, she’s exceptionally good at this. Mark seems to have lost himself. She takes hold of his balls and starts caressing them. In about two minutes, Mark ejaculates inside her throat.

Standing in the briefing room wearing a concerned look, Paul doesn’t feel very well. He has just been briefed by his field agents and monitoring officers on the current state of the talks with Russia regarding the Ukraine situation. Things have already been stressful enough for him, and this has added more to his plate. Poor guy. His wife left him because he’s been spending too much time at work. At least he can be happy for that cushy job as the head of the NSA. Someone knocks on the briefing room door, opens the door, and walks in. Ooooh no … it’s the Vice President of the United States, Joe “Joey” Biden. He walks up to Paul and asks to be briefed: “Heeey, Paul! POTUS wants to know how things are looking with the Russians. Hit me!” He responds with: “Good afternoon, Mr. Vice President! I was briefed myself moments ago. Things are not looking well, to be honest. The Kremlin isn’t responding to our calls, and our intelligence suggests that they will proceed with the invasion. This is confirmed by the findings of the Bundesnachrichtendienst. The German intelligence agency has proven useful recently.” The United States wants their airbases right on Russia’s doorstep. Russia, of course, opposes this, so all attempts to communicate between the two nations have been unsuccessful while the US insists on Ukraine getting into NATO. The only situation in which Russia would be willing to talk would be if the US were to abandon Ukraine and the endeavor to defend them in case of a Russian invasion.

Joey heads right into the Oval to brief the President. Donald “Reginald” Trump, the 46th President of the United States, sits sunk in his oversized, leather-covered chair. Joey knocks on the door. Nothing. He knocks again. No response. He enters anyway and sees Reginald closing his zipper. Awkward. A moment of silence occurs. Joey breaks it after a moment to debrief the President: “Mr. President. General Nakasone has explained the current intelligence on the goings-on in Europe. The NSA worked together with the Germans and intercepted chatter about the heavy movement of Russian armored vehicles on the Russia-Ukraine border. We’ve confirmed these findings by scanning the border via satellites. It seems that they’re preparing to breach the border and launch the invasion that we predicted back in February!” Reginald thinks for a bit and responds: “Shit. Well, as long as we’re not directly endangered, it’s all good.” Joe looks at Reginald with confusion and says silently: “But … sir, we have a duty to … to protect our European allies …” Reginald dismisses Joe: “The only duty I’m interested in is the duty to the American people! We’re done here; you’re dismissed. Oh, and on your way out, tell Jenice to bring me some orange juice.”

The machine makes a beeping sound every second as if counting. First, a yellow and then a red light-emitting diode starts flashing. This place looks strange. I don’t know where I am, but it’s cold here. The machine continues beeping linearly, faster and faster. We seem to be in some kind of a warehouse. A person with a white coat, cap, and mouth covering works with the machine. He pulls something from it and places it on a barrel right next to the device. A label on the barrel says “предупреждение: ядерный материал.” I can’t read this. I’m … not sure how I got here.
